<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Semantic HTML is what is used for marking meaning of various parts of pages.
    2. What is HTML used for?
    HTML is used to divide a webpage into appropriate parts. 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    HTML attibutes are used to control behaviors, and is usually placed in the opening.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    H1 tag is usually used for the most important title of a page. We use it once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img tag and class tags
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    Anything before the first sections, including Nav etc.
    7. What is an id? 
    An ID is a one time use identifier to control a section, etc.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? Any
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Once 
    10. What is a class? Similar to an ID, but used for multiple things you want to style similarly 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Any
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    As much as needed
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    By using an anchor element
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    It displays an alternate text when an image does not display correctly
    15. How do I reference an id?
    #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    Section groups things together whereas div is only used for CSS 
    17. What is CSS used for?
    Styling a page
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 then brackets with what you want
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    Class can change multiple things you want to be formatted the same, where id is only for one thing. 
    Class would be used if you have multiple paragraphs in different parts of a page that you want to be formatted the same.
    Id would be used when you only need to stylize a specific area once.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    By putting .class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    It allows you to specify certain parts within a whole parent part. It's useful when you want to change a small part of a whole.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    Changes a special state of a whole. For example, hovering.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform with the modifier for our desired option.
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: dotted 1px black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    * selector
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
    git status
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    dir
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    del /f filename. You can mess your entire computer up.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    For safety
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Very often, every 10 minutes or so
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
    git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    git clone <Link to what you're pulling>
    cd <file name of what you pulled>
    git checkout -b 'Firstname-lastname'
    git add changes
    git commit -m "comment"
    git push -u origin branch-name